README.md, before:

activemq Cookbook
=================
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/opscode-cookbooks/activemq.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/opscode-cookbooks/activemq)

Installs activemq and sets up a service using the init script that comes with it.


Requirements
------------
### Platforms
Tested on Ubuntu 10.04 and CentOS 5.5. Should work on any Debian or Red Hat family distributions.

### Cookbooks
- java


Attributes
----------
- `node['activemq']['mirror']` - download URL up to the activemq/apache-activemq directory.
- `node['activemq']['version']` - version to install.
- `node['activemq']['home']` - directory to deploy to (/opt by default)
- `node['activemq']['wrapper']['max_memory']` - maximum amount of memory to use for activemq.
- `node['activemq']['wrapper']['useDedicatedTaskRunner']` - whether to use the dedicated task runner
- `node['activemq']['enable_stomp']` - Flag that decides whether or not to use stomp. Note: This is
only used when `use_default_config` attribute is true.
- `node['activemq']['use_default_config']` - Flag that allows the option to use a basic configuration file


Usage
-----
Simply add `recipe[activemq]` to a run list.


Development
-----------
This section details "quick development" steps. For a detailed explanation, see [[Contributing.md]].

1. Clone this repository from GitHub:

        $ git clone git@github.com:opscode-cookbooks/activemq.git

2. Create a git branch

        $ git checkout -b my_bug_fix

3. Install dependencies:

        $ bundle install

4. Make your changes/patches/fixes, committing appropiately
5. **Write tests**
6. Run the tests:
    - `bundle exec foodcritic -f any .`
    - `bundle exec rspec`
    - `bundle exec rubocop`
    - `bundle exec kitchen test`

  In detail:
    - Foodcritic will catch any Chef-specific style errors
    - RSpec will run the unit tests
    - Rubocop will check for Ruby-specific style errors
    - Test Kitchen will run and converge the recipes


License & Authors
-----------------
- Author:: Joshua Timberman (<joshua@opscode.com>)

```text
Copyright:: 2009-2011, Opscode, Inc

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

updated README.md to include broker_name attribute

README.md, after:

activemq Cookbook
=================
[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/opscode-cookbooks/activemq.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/opscode-cookbooks/activemq)

Installs activemq and sets up a service using the init script that comes with it.


Requirements
------------
### Platforms
Tested on Ubuntu 10.04 and CentOS 5.5. Should work on any Debian or Red Hat family distributions.

### Cookbooks
- java


Attributes
----------
- `node['activemq']['mirror']` - download URL up to the activemq/apache-activemq directory.
- `node['activemq']['version']` - version to install.
- `node['activemq']['home']` - directory to deploy to (/opt by default)
- `node['activemq']['wrapper']['max_memory']` - maximum amount of memory to use for activemq.
- `node['activemq']['wrapper']['useDedicatedTaskRunner']` - whether to use the dedicated task runner
- `node['activemq']['enable_stomp']` - Flag that decides whether or not to use stomp. Note: This is
only used when `use_default_config` attribute is true.
- `node['activemq']['use_default_config']` - Flag that allows the option to use a basic configuration file
- `node['activemq']['broker_name']` - Flag that allows you to set the broker name.


Usage
-----
Simply add `recipe[activemq]` to a run list.


Development
-----------
This section details "quick development" steps. For a detailed explanation, see [[Contributing.md]].

1. Clone this repository from GitHub:

        $ git clone git@github.com:opscode-cookbooks/activemq.git

2. Create a git branch

        $ git checkout -b my_bug_fix

3. Install dependencies:

        $ bundle install

4. Make your changes/patches/fixes, committing appropiately
5. **Write tests**
6. Run the tests:
    - `bundle exec foodcritic -f any .`
    - `bundle exec rspec`
    - `bundle exec rubocop`
    - `bundle exec kitchen test`

  In detail:
    - Foodcritic will catch any Chef-specific style errors
    - RSpec will run the unit tests
    - Rubocop will check for Ruby-specific style errors
    - Test Kitchen will run and converge the recipes


License & Authors
-----------------
- Author:: Joshua Timberman (<joshua@opscode.com>)

```text
Copyright:: 2009-2011, Opscode, Inc

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
